docs: Minor fixes & rewordings to the documentation (#682)
dynatrace-oss/dynatrace-monitoring-as-code: CONTRIBUTING.md

## What to contribute

This tool was created out of the following needs but not limited to:

* Provide an easy way to deploy numerous Dynatrace monitoring configurations for several applications across different environments such as Development, Pre-production, and Production environments to maintain consistency.

Thus, this tool aims to provide a way to reproducibly deploy Dynatrace monitoring configuration in a "configuration as code"-way.

As with all things Dynatrace, scalability is an important requirement, both in the number of configuration files and the number of environments.

> This is also the area currently offering the most opportunity to improve of the tool.

Reviewer: either keep `for improvement of` or drop the `of`: `to improve the tool` :)

[the detailed instructions](https://github.com/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace-monitoring-as-code/blob/main/docs/how-to-add-a-new-api.md).

## How to contribute

The easiest way to start contributing or helping with the Monitoring as Code project is to pick an existing [issue/bug](https://github.com/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace-monitoring-as-code/issues) and [get to work](#building-the-Dynatrace-Monitoring-as-Code-Tool).

For proposing a change, we seek to discuss potential changes in GitHub issues in advance before implementation. 
That will allow us to give design feedback up front and set expectations about the scope of the change and, for more significant changes, 
how best to approach the work such that the Monitoring as Code team can review it and merge it with other concurrent work. 
This allows being respectful of the time of community contributors.

The repo follows a relatively standard branching & PR workflow.

Branches naming follows the `feature/{Issue}/{description}` or `bugfix/{Issue}/{description}` pattern.

Branches are rebased and only fast-forward merges to main permitted. No merge commits.

> Commits are not auto-squashed when merging a PR, so please ensure your commits are fit to go into main (DIY squash when necessary).

Reviewer: technically incorrect now, we allow squashing as a merge strategy, maybe you could adapt this to: 

```suggestion
By default, commits are not auto-squashed when merging a PR, so please ensure your commits are fit to go into main. 

For convenience auto-squashing all PR commits into a single one is an optional merge strategy - but we strive for [atomic commits](https://www.freshconsulting.com/insights/blog/atomic-commits/) with [good commit messages](https://cbea.ms/git-commit/) in main so not auto-squashing is recommended.
```

This will create a `monaco` executable you can use.

To build a platform specific executable run: `GOOS={OS} GOARCH={ARCH} make build`.

For example, a Windows executable can be built with `GOOS=windows GOARCH=386 make build BINARY=monaco.exe`.

## Testing the Dynatrace Monitoring as Code Tool

Run the unit tests for the whole module with `make test` in the root folder.

### Integration Tests

In addition to unit tests, the module contains integration tests that upload configuration to two test environments. Those are tagged `integration` and will be run for any pull request opened for Monitoring as Code.

To run the integration tests, you will need at least one Dynatrace environment - the tests run against two configurable environments.

Define the following environment variables to test for these environments:
* `URL_ENVIRONMENT_1` ... URL of the first test environment
* `TOKEN_ENVIRONMENT_1` ... API token for the first test environment 
* `URL_ENVIRONMENT_2` ... URL of the second test environment
* `TOKEN_ENVIRONMENT_2` ... API token for the second test environment 

Run the integration tests using `make integration-test`.

> For convenience single package tests can be run with `make test-package pkg={PACKAGE}` - e.g. `make test-package pkg=api`.

Reviewer: unrelated, but while you're at it: could you move this up into the testing section around line 99 please? test-package runs unit tests only
